Add security threat submission beta api docs (#16242)
microsoftgraph/microsoft-graph-docs: api-reference/beta/resources/security-fileurlthreatsubmission.md

---
title: "fileUrlThreatSubmission resource type"
description: "Represents file threat submission which is submitted by file url"
author: "caigen"
ms.localizationpriority: medium
ms.prod: "security"
doc_type: resourcePageType
---

# fileUrlThreatSubmission resource type

Namespace: microsoft.graph.security

[!INCLUDE [beta-disclaimer](../../includes/beta-disclaimer.md)]

> Represents file threat submission which is submitted by file url. It is a reserved api and not supported by now.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Represents file threat submission object which is created when submission is made using file URL. It is a reserved api and not supported as of today.
```

Inherits from [fileThreatSubmission](../resources/security-filethreatsubmission.md).

## Properties
| Property | Type   | Description                   |
|:---------|:-------|:------------------------------|

> | fileUrl  | String | The file url to be submitted. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| fileUrl  | String | It specifies the URL of the file which needs to be submitted. |
```
